Add draft for comparison of IT infrastructure provider options for the government (#161)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/adrs/0016-government-cloud-comparison.md

# ADR-0016 Government Cloud Comparison

## Context

> Right now we have a few organizations (Logius, SSC-ICT, Standaard Platform, ODC-Noord, Tender process, and

Author: Yeah that is true, I just took the text from the ticket but I will change it

# ADR-0016 Government Cloud Comparison

## Context

> Right now we have a few parties Logius, SSC-ICT, Standaard Platform, ODC-Noord, Tender process, and
> Digilab. This ADR will give an overview of what these different parties are offering as well as make a decision for the
> AI Validation team on which infrastructure provider we will focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now we have a few organizations (Logius, SSC-ICT, Standaard Platform, ODC-Noord, Tender process, and
Digilab) offering IT infrastructure. This ADR will give an overview of what these different organizations are offering as well as make a decision for the
AI Validation team on which infrastructure provider we will focus.
```

I am pretty sure DICTU should be in this list as well.

## Descriptions and comparison

- [SSC-ICT](https://www.ssc-ict.nl/)
    - Description:

>         - SSC-ICT is the ICT service provider of different ministries of the Netherlands. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - SSC-ICT is an ICT service provider for some ministries of the government of the Netherlands. In the
```

  [service catalogue of 2024](https://redactie.rijksportaal.overheid-i.nl/site/binaries/content/assets/rijksportaal/organizations/bzk/pdf/dg-vbr-directoraat-generaal-vastgoed-en-bedrijfsvoering-rijk/ssc-ict/inhoud/ssc-ict-producten--en-dienstencatalogus-2024.pdf)
  no mention of Kubernetes is in the document. They are specialized in workplace management but through an
  NSK(not standard client request) extra services could be provided by them.
    - Pros:

>         - The integration with the RON(Rijksoverheid Network) is managed well because that is a service that SSC-ICT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The integration with the RON (Rijksoverheid Network) is managed well because that is a service that SSC-ICT
```
